feat(compat): add `update` and `updateWith` (#1107)
toss/es-toolkit: docs/reference/compat/object/updateWith.md

# updateWith

::: info
This function is only available in `es-toolkit/compat` for compatibility reasons. It either has alternative native JavaScript APIs or isn't fully optimized yet.

When imported from `es-toolkit/compat`, it behaves exactly like lodash and provides the same functionalities.
:::

> Updates the value at the specified path of the given object using an updater function and a customizer. If any part of the path doesn't exist, it will be created according to the customizer function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates the value at the specified path of an object with the value returned by the `updater` function. If parts of the path don’t exist, you can use the `customizer` function to define how new objects should be created.
```
